Comparative studies on zooplankton production diversity anddifferent types of anthropogenic influence  of water body 
Azma Hanim Ismai and Siti Azrin Zaidin
In this study, we compared the species compositionand diversity of planktonic Rotifera, Cladocera and Copepodabetween river, irrigation canal and rice field ecosystem in BalikPulau, Penang, Malaysia. The present study was carried out fromOctober 2013 to February 2014. Average total diversity ofzooplankton tended to be the highest in river (24 species) and thelowest in rice field (19 species). Despite the relatively high speciesnumber of zooplankton supported by river, irrigation canal waterbody seems to contribute considerably higher total abundance thanthe other two types of ecosystem. Data analysis highlightedsignificant difference in zooplankton abundance among the differenttypes of water body (p = 0.004). The zooplankton abundance wasinfluenced by physical factors of the water bodies. Correlationanalysis revealed a strong positive relationship between zooplanktonabundance and water transparency (r = +0.547), while there exists aweak negative correlation with dissolved oxygen (r = -0.238) andtemperature (r = -0.234). The findings of the present study provideuseful knowledge on the spatial organization of zooplankton diversityin different types of freshwater ecosystem as well as can be used asmanagement strategies to protect the aquatic biodiversity in theagricultural area.
Rotifera, Cladocera, Copepoda, Malaysia, zooplankton.

A First Survey on the Abundance of Plastics Trigonopterus weevils from Sundaland and Trombol Beach, Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia
Victor James Noik，Piakong Mohd. Tuah，Lau Seng
Plastics have become part and parcel of today's convenient living. Mass production and consumption of plastics has resulted in environmental pollution, contamination and threatens wildlife with multitude of hazards due to improper waste management and indiscriminate waste disposal. These plastics degrade slowly over time becoming meso- and microplastics, eventually leaching out toxic PAs constituents throughout the process. This paper presents the outcome of selected heavy metals PAs fingerprint from meso- and microplastics of <10 mm sampled from the beach of Santubong and Trombol in Kuching, Sarawak, Malaysia. Samples were wet digested with heated H2SO4 and HNO3. Seven out of the 13 US EPA Priority Pollutant Metals were fingerprinted from 5 types of plastics. Results show that the total average metals concentration of Trombol samples were slightly two- fold higher to that of Santubong's. Cu and Zn were found in higher concentrations in all 5 types of plastics analyzed, followed by Cd, Pb, Ni and As, while Hg was the least amount detected. 
Heavy metals, ICP-OES, microplastics, plastics debris.
Effect of Some Environmental Factors on Wintering Waterbirds Population in Zangi and Ahmadi Creeks in Persian Gulf
Behrouz Behrouzi-Rad