ThermalAnalysis Studyin an Annular Diffuser Fitted with Different Hub Geometries
Ehan Sabah Shukri
A Design Framework for Bicycle Device Innovation: an Instrumental Process for a Stationary Bicycle Dynamometer for a Heel
Joseph M. Berning, Carole Carson, Trish Sevene, Chad Harris, Kent J. Adams, Michael Climstein, Mark DeBeliso
A Field Study on Thermal Comfort of Air-Conditioned Buildings in Brazil-Night Time Thermal Comfort and Occupants Adaptive Behaviour
Larissa Pereira Mikuri, Natacha Viana Seabra de Freitas, Wagner Augusto Andreasi
Calculating Position of Feed Antenna and Dimensions of Subreflector in the Cassegrain Antenna Using the Bisection Numerical Method
Ali-Reza Sharifi                                                                                             
Monitoring System Design of ECU (Electrical Control Unit) in Increasing Performance Efficiency of the Direct-Current Motor in Electrical Vehicle Using Fuzzy Logic
Januar F. Irawan, Satryo B. Utomo, Dodi S., Wijonarko, Danuar
Rule-Based Similarity Measure Algorithm for Document
Nurul Syafidah Jamil, Ku Ruhana Ku-Mahamud, Aniza Mohamed Din
Innovation and Clustering: Lessons Learned in the Construction Industry and Key Success Factors for Adoption and Implementation. Is the Cause of the Loss or the Cavity?
Sofia Yfanti, David Edgar, Bryan Temple, Nikos Sakkas
Antibacterial Activity of 3-aminothiourea Derivatives and their Metal Complexes on Different Types of Bacteria
Hakan S. Sayiner, Nser Ahmed Massoud Mohammed, Mohamed Abdulhamid Ganim, Cengiz Baloglu
Design and Implementation of CanSat (Microsatellite)
M. Ehikhamenle, B. O. Omijeh
Study on the Properties of Clothing Fabrics
Ghada Abdalla Elkholy, Shahera Hafny
State Evaluation of Shore Bridge Hoisting Motor based on SOM and HMM
Withdrew for Authors' Reason
Fault Diagnosis Method for Bearing Based on Improved VMD and DCNN
Withdrew for Authors' Reason
Comparative Study of Pedestrian Volume Simulation Method  on Space Syntax Visualization and Shopping Behavior Model
Li Gaomei, Lian Haitao, Chi Fangai, Wang Ruonan
Design and Research of Mountaintop Architecture
Incomplete Registration Waiting for approval 
Energy-saving Design for Green and Architectural Lighting
Incomplete Registration Waiting for approval 
A Modified Genetic Algorithm for Solving Quay Crane Scheduling Problems
Hu Yejun, Dong Liangcai                                           